feat: DBTP-764 Wraps generate + make-addons in a new generate command (#339)
uktrade/copilot-tools: dbt_copilot_helper/COMMANDS.md

- `--env <text>`

- `--help <boolean>` _Defaults to False._
  - Show this message and exit.

# copilot-helper generate

[↩ Parent](#copilot-helper)

    Given a pipelines.yml file, generate environment and service deployment

>     pipelines and generate addons CloudFormation for each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pipelines and generate addons AWS Copilot manifests for each environment.
```
